=head1 NAME

Act::Manual::Developer::Handlers - Act handlers

=head1 Definition

A handler is a subroutine tied to a specific URL.

=head1 How to write handlers

Choose a suitable name space for your handler, we'll use C<Act::Handler::Foo>.
Create your handler in F<lib/Act/Handler/Foo.pm>, naming your sub C<handler>.

=head2 The C<handler> subroutine

In your C<handler> subroutine:

=over 4

=item *

Figure out what to do, based on the query's arguments C<$Request{args}>
or maybe using C<$Request{path_info}>.

=item *

Do it. You might need to query the database with C<$Request{dbh}>.

=item *

In most cases you'll want to send an HTML page using a template.
First Retrieve a template object:

  my $template = Act::Template::HTML->new;

Always instantiate this template object at runtime (Act uses its
own caching mechanism to pull the correct template.)

Create some template variables:

  $template->variables(
    name  => $user->{name},
  );

=item *

Finally process the template. Its output will be sent to the client's
browser.

  $template->process('foo.html');

Just provide the template's base name, don't use pathnames-- the template
object knows about the current request and will know where to look.
Template files in conference subdirectories override global templates.

=back

=head2 URL to handler dispatch

Now choose an "action" word that best describes your handler. We'll use
the string C<foo>. We now associate that action word with our sub by
adding the mapping to the C<%public_handlers> hash in C<Act::Dispatcher>.

  my %public_handlers = (
    ...
    foo => 'Act::Handler::Foo',
    ...
  );

This will enable this handler for all URLs that start with /conference/foo
where conference is a conference name, e.g.:

  /2004/foo
  /2004/foo?q=1
  /2004/foo/bar

If this action requires the user to be registered, add the mapping to
C<%private_handlers> instead:

  my %private_handlers = (
    ...
    foo => 'Act::Handler::Foo,
    ...
  );

The user will be prompted for credentials (login and password) the first time
a protected page is requested in a given session.

=cut

