=head1 NAME

Act::Manual::Developer::Resources - Resources for developers

=head1 Subversion repository

Act source code is maintained in a Subversion repository. The repository
is available for anonymous checkout at the following URL:

   svn://svn.mongueurs.net/act

There are several different branches under act subtree in the repository.
Development takes place in the trunk.

   svn://svn.mongueurs.net/act/trunk

The C<stable> branch is aimed at production sites hosting Act websites.
Once changes to the trunk have been satisfactorily tested, project leaders
merge them into the C<stable> branch. This branch can be checkout at
the following URL:

  svn://svn.mongueurs.net/act/branches/stable

=head1 Subversion web site

A web-based view of the Subversion history is available at
L<http://svnweb.mongueurs.net/Act>.

=head1 Mailing lists

Discussions pertaining to Act development take place on the C<act-dev>
mailing list. You can subscribe to the C<act-dev> list at the following
URL:

  http://listes.mongueurs.net/mailman/listinfo/act-dev

Commit emails are sent to the C<act-cvs> mailing list. Subscribe at the
following URL:

  http://listes.mongueurs.net/mailman/listinfo/act-cvs

=head1 RSS feeds

Changes can also be tracked by subscribing to RSS feeds:

All changes:

  http://svnweb.mongueurs.net/Act/rss

Changes to trunk:

  http://svnweb.mongueurs.net/Act/rss/trunk

Changes to the stable branch:

  http://svnweb.mongueurs.net/Act/rss/branches/stable

=head1 AUTHOR

Éric Cholet

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2004-2007, by Philippe Bruhat and Éric Cholet.
All Rights Reserved.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut

