=head1 URL and File Hierarchies in Act

In this section we describe the appearance of an Act installation in
URL-space, and how it is mapped to templates and files.

Disclaimer: This document is written while several volunteers attempt
to modernize the Act software.  It is intended to keep the URL
hierarchy unchanged throughout this process.  The author has, however,
no idea about the directory structure on the "original" server
L<https://act.yapc.eu/>: The layout described here is one which fits
with some of the current PSGI-based implementations.

Throughout this document, we use L<https://act.yapc.eu/> as the base
URL, though Act software has been used on other servers, too.

=head2 URLs served by Act

=over

=item The Root URL L<https://act.yapc.eu/>

Right now the root URL points to a conference selected by the
operators - typically the most recent European Perl Conference.

Developer installations might chose to display a list of test
conferences they've included in their dataset.  This is yet to be
implemented.

=item The Distribution Statics

Act comes with a set of static files: Style sheets, Images, and
JavaScript sources.  These are served in the paths C</css>,
C</images>, and C</js>, respectively.  Example:
L<http://act.yapc.eu/images/picked.gif>.  These files are located in
the C</wwwdocs> directory of the Act software distribution.

A reverse proxy could chose to serve these URLs directly, not using
Act software at all.

=item The Conference Homepages

Each conference running their website on Act has a homepage in the
root directory L<http://act.yapc.eu>/>,
e.g. L<https://act.yapc.eu/gpw2019/> for the German Perl Workshop
2019.  Some conferences use their own DNS entry,
e.g. L<http://act.qa-hackathon.org/pts2019/> or
L<http://act.perl-workshop.ch/spw2019/>, but the paths still are
directly connected to the conferences.

You'll note that the conference and the distribution statics share the
same URL base.  Just don't name your conference C<images> and you're
safe.

The contents of the conference homepages is identical to that served
for the URL with C</index.html> appended.

=item The Conference HTML pages

URLs of Conference HTML pages start with the URL of the conference
homepage and end in C<.html>.  Beyond C<index.html>, each conference
can have its own set of URLs.

=item The Conference Statics

Each conference may have its own set of images, style sheets, and
JavaScript sources - and probably more.  They are served from
subdirectories directly below the conference homepage.  So, they share
the paths with the conference HTML pages.  Act uses the convention
that paths ending in C<.html> are conference HTML pages, all the
others are static pages which are just passed through from
corresponding files.  These files are provided in the directory
C<wwwdocs> of the conference repositories on GitHub.

=item Act Services for Conferences

A third set of URLs directly below the conference homepages is
occupied by Act services like e.g. C<register> to register a new user,
C<talks> to see the talks for this conference, and many more.  These
services also collide with the namespace of conference statics, and
the author has not yet tried which one takes precedence if there's
e.g. a directory C<users> under C</wwwdocs>.

=back

=head2 Files provided by Act

In addition to the Act software, the distribution contains a set of
directories from which pages are either served directly, or constructed.

=over

=item C<conferences>

This directory came up with the dockerized Act implementation and may
not be present in your installation.

=item C<templates>

This directory holds the templates for
L<Template Toolkit|http://tt2.org> which is used by Act to convert the
texts provided by the conferences into full-blown web pages.

See L<Act::Manual::Developer::Templates> for more information.

=item C<wwwdocs>

These directories under C<wwwdocs> are served directly under the root
URL, without further processing.  They contain some images, a pretty
outdated version of jquery, and some stylesheets.

Conference organisers may use these documents, or commit their own,
using the appropriate links.

=back

=head2 Files provided by Act conferences

=head3 How Organizers deliver their files

See L<Act::Manual::Organizer::Layout>! Act conferences run on the
original site are maintained by organizers on GitHub under
L<https://github.com/Act-Conferences>.  There's a lot of history
there, that's why the directory structure as described in this page
can't be changed without disruption.

=head3 Where Act is looking for them

I<Disclaimer:> The author doesn't know the directory structure on any
productive Act server.  The following description is based on the PSGI
based implementation, so may be inaccurate.

Act has a "home" directory which is passed as a mandatory environment
variable C<ACTHOME> to the engine.  All paths are calculated from there.
We are writing C<"$home"> here for this directory.  Every conference
has its own subdirectory, denoted as C<"$conference">.

=over

=item Configuration files

The configuration files for each conference are expected under
C<"$home/actdocs/$conference/conf/act.ini"> and
C<"$home/actdocs/$conference/conf/local.ini">. Both are evaluated in
that order.

I<Note:> In branches prepared for dockerization, they are also looked
for under the paths C<"$home/$conference/actdocs/conf/act.ini"> and
C<"$home/$conference/actdocs/conf/local.ini">.  This allows to have
all files provided by a conference under one directory
C<"$home/$conference/">, in a layout equal to that of a conference
repository on GitHub.

If any of the conference config file changes (identified by its
modification time), then I<all> configuration files, including the
global configuration, are re-read.  Changes in the global
configuration file don't trigger the mechanism.

=item Template files

Template Toolkit checks a defined list of directories and processes
the first hit for any given template file.  Every search starts at the
top of the list, so there are no "directory-local links".

The list looks like this:

       "$home/actdocs/$conference/static",
       "$home/actdocs/$conference/templates",
       "$home/static",
       "$home/templates"

So, templates provided by the conference organizers take precedence
over those provided by Act (or added by the people who run the Act
server). 

Template files ending in C<.html> are available as corresponding URLs,
and any file name can be referenced in the templates with TT's
inclusion mechanisms.

A detailed description of the templates provided by Act can be found in
L<Act::Manual::Organizer::Templates>.

=item Static files

Images, style sheets, javascript libraries and the like for URLs
containing a conference name are searched for under
C<"$home/$conference/wwwdocs">.  So, an URL
C<"/$conference/images/logo.png"> is translated into
C<"$home/$conference/wwwdocs/images/logo.png">.

=back

