=head1 SETTING UP A NEW LANGUAGE IN ACT

Act is meant to support multilingual conferences.
When you start your conference, you just have to decide which
languages will be supported. This usually includes at least
English and your own language.

If your language is not yet supported by Act, don't panic.
That just means you'll have to help us translate all the localized
strings used by Act.

=head2 Translating conference templates

Multilingual templates are set up directly in the HTML, with the help
of the special tag C<E<lt>tE<gt> ... E<lt>/tE<gt>>.

    find templates -type f | xargs grep -c '<t>' |grep -v :0

Will list the template files that contain the C<E<lt>tE<gt>> tag.

Here's a very simple example:

    <t>
     <en>Welcome to the YAPC::Europe web site!</en>
     <pt>Boa vinda no web site de YAPC::Europe!</pt>
     <fr>Bienvenue sur le site de YAPC::Europe&nbsp;!</fr>
     <de>Willkommen auf der YAPC::Europe web site!</de>
     <it>Benvenuto sul Web site di YAPC::Europe!</it>
    </t>

You'll also have to add the languages you need to all your specific
static pages.

=head2 Translating Act

The following sections apply to adding a new language to Act iself.

=head3 Act strings

All localized strings used by Act are stored in F<po/*.po> files, one
file per language. A F<.po> file is a simple text file which contains
a list of strings. Each string has an identifier (C<msgid>),
and the localized string itself (C<msgstr>). Here's an example
from the French lexicon F<fr.po>:

  msgid "City"
  msgstr "Ville"

Usually the identifier is the English version of the string.

F<.po> files are in UTF-8 encoding.

Most strings are used by HTML templates. In those strings,
any embedded occurences of the characters C<E<gt>>, C<E<lt>> and C<&>
must be replaced by the corresponding HTML entity
(C<&gt;>, C<&lt;> and C<&amp;>).

=head3 Act::Util

The Act::Util module contains some information about how dates are
handled in each supported language. The structure needs to be updated
for any new language.

Here's the structure for English:

    en => { name               => 'English',
            fmt_datetime_full  => '%A %B %e, %Y %H:%M',
            fmt_datetime_short => '%m/%d/%y %H:%M',
            fmt_date_full      => '%A %B %e, %Y',
            fmt_date_short     => '%m/%d/%y',
            fmt_time           => '%H:%M',
          },

The C<name> value is the name of the language, in that language.
The date and time formats use C<strftime()> compatible specifiers,
see L<http://search.cpan.org/perldoc?DateTime#strftime_Specifiers>
for a complete list.

=cut

