=head1 Online Payment

Act defers the actual purchasing to a third party through the use
of pluggable backends targeting various online payment solutions.

Currently implemented backends are C<YEF>, used by the
YAPC::Europe Foundation, C<TPF>, used by The Perl Foundation,
and PayPal which targets PayPal merchant accounts.
There's also a Fake backend which simulates a purchase for testing purposes.

The YEF and TPF online payment backends handle credit card payments.
PayPal handles payment by credit card or via the customer's own PayPal
account. Funds end up in the selected foundation's bank account, which then
forwards them back to the organizers. Using either backend
requires prior agreement between the organizers and the relevant foundation.

=head1 Configuration

=head2 Free conference

If the conference is free of charge, configure payment thusly:

  [payment]
  type        = NONE

All payment related features will be disabled.


=head2 Conference using an online payment system

  [payment]
  open        = 1

Set C<open> to 1 to enable, or to 0 to disable, the online payment system.

=head2 YEF

  [payment]
  open        = 1
  type        = YEF
  currency    = EUR

YEF currently accepts payments in euros.

=head2 TPF

TPF currently accepts payments in US dollars.

  [payment]
  open        = 1
  type        = TPF
  currency    = USD

Set C<open> to 1 to enable, or to 0 to disable, the online payment system.
C<type> should be set to the appropriate backend: C<YEF>, C<TPF> or C<Fake>.

=head3 PayPal

PayPal currently accepts payments in the following currencies:

  USD U.S. Dollar
  AUD Australian Dollar
  CAD Canadian Dollar
  CZK Czech Koruna
  DKK Danish Krone
  EUR Euro
  HKD Hong Kong Dollar
  HUF Hungarian Forint
  NZD New Zealand Dollar
  NOK Norwegian Krone
  PLN Polish Zloty
  GBP Pound Sterling
  SGD Singapore Dollar
  SEK Swedish Krona
  CHF Swiss Franc
  JPY Yen

Configure your conference with the currency code for your PayPal account's
primary currency. Act currently supports a single currency.

  [payment]
  open        = 1
  type        = PaypalFoo
  currency    = USD

The payment type (C<PaypalFoo>) should be configured by your Act provider.
See L<Act::Manual::Provider::Payment> for more information.

=cut
