=head1 The people behind Act

This section provides a brief history of Act and details the primary
authors and numerous other people who have contributed to it.

=head1 HISTORY

In 2003, when the French Perl Mongers began organising their YAPC::Europe
in Paris, they thought about the web site and what they wanted to do
with it. Starting from Sylvain Lhullier's Java-looking prototype,
Éric Cholet and Philippe Bruhat created a conference web site that
was multilingual, template-driven, and able to manage the users, talks,
schedule and payment. It used mod_perl and Template Toolkit. They promised
they would open the source after cleaning it up a bit.

The following year, when preparing the first French Perl Workshop, Éric
and Philippe worked on a second system, designed from the start to
support everything the old site could do, with one difference: it had to
support multiple conferences.

With the source code from YAPC Europe 2003, two developpers and two
months of spare time were enough for this project to be ready for the
2004 French Perl Workshop (June). Act (A Conference Toolkit) was born.
We wanted to support several French Workshops without having to recode a
conference web site engine every year. Laziness is a lot of work... C<:-)>

At that time, we hoped that by September 2004, the code should be published
and ready to serve other conferences.

The YAPC Europe Foundation was created just after YAPC Europe in Paris,
to help and support the organisation of Perl conferences in Europe. Since
YEF and Act are hosted on the French mongers system, it was only natural
that Act integrated the online payment system sponsored by YEF.

The code was finally published in January 2007.

While Act is not the official Perl conference software,
The Perl Foundation has shown significant interest in Act.
More importantly, the Perl community has used Act to organize about
twenty conferences in Europe and in the U.S. between 2004 and 2007.

However, becoming the official Perl conference software is on the roadmap
of our world domination plan! C<;-)>

=head1 The Name

The name of the toolkit is Act, not ACT. 

Even if it looks like an acronym (inspired by the one of APL), it is
more of an inspirational injunction to conference organizers to forget
about hacking the website and organize their conference. In short: "Act!".

We won't get mad if you spell it ACT, as long as you use it for your
conference...

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=head2 Act developers

  Philippe Bruhat (BooK)
  Éric Cholet

=head2 Code contributors

  Gianni "dakkar" Cecarelli
  Elizabeth Cortell
  Thomas Klausner
  Tatsuhiko Miyagawa
  Jesse Vincent

=head2 Documentation contributors

  Luis Motta Campos

=head2 Translations

  be: Andrei Protasovitski, Taras Ivanyukovich
  de: Thomas Klausner
  es: Enrique Nell
  he: Uri Bruck
  hr: Vedran Vukotic, Vlatko Kosturjak
  hu: Gábor Szabó
  it: Gianni "dakkar" Cecarelli
  ja: Kenichi Ishigaki, drry, Tatsuhiko Miyagawa
  nb: Ole Bendik Kvisberg
  nl: Erik Colson, Emmanuel di Prétoro, Detlev Hauschildt
  pt: Alberto Manuel Brandão Simões, Luis Motta Campos
  ru: Andrew Shitov
  sk: Jozef Kutej
  uk: Anatoly Kochurkov
  zh: qiang, fayland

=head2 Bugs finders, translations, idea purveyors, and general good vibes

  Sébastien Aperghis-Tramoni
  Farley Balasuriya
  Ann Barcomb
  Jim Brandt
  Luis Motta Campos
  José Alves de Castro 
  Gianni "dakkar" Cecarelli
  Kurt DeMaagd
  Jeremy Fluhmann
  Anders Hellström
  Claes Jakobsson
  Jose Kahan
  Maroš Kollár
  Thomas Klausner
  Roland Lammel
  David Landgren
  Tatsuhiko Miyagawa
  Jonas B. Nielsen
  Salve J Nilsen
  Hiroyuki Oyama
  Dave Rolsky
  Alberto Simões 
  Enrico Sorcinelli
  Ricardo Signes
  Gábor Szabó
  Lars Thegler
  Daniel J. Wright

=cut

