=head1 Act features

This section provides a brief list of main Act features.

=head2 General

=over 4

=item *

Multiple conferences.

=item *

Fully multilingual, unicode.

=item *

Look and feel of conference site fully customizable.
Add static pages -- they're really templates so
they're multilingual and share the same UI.

=back

=head2 User registration

=over 4

=item *

One account per user, can register to multiple conferences.

=item *

CSV export for organizers.

=item *

User search, user statistics.

=back

=head2 Talks

=over 4

=item *

Configurable durations, target audience, tracks, languages.

=item *

Submitted, then accepted by organizers.

=item *

Email notification to organizers upon submission / modification.

=item *

Email notification to submitter upon acceptance.

=item *

Talk list and schedule hidden from public view until enabled.

=item *

Support for non talk events, e.g. coffee break, lunch.

=item *

Schedule iCal export.

=item *

Talks can be tagged (associate a list of keywords, or tags, to a talk).

=item *

Talk list CSV export for organizers.

=item *

Schedule work flow for organizers: iCal export =E<gt> edit talk dates and times in Google Calendar, Apple iCal =E<gt> iCal import.

=back

=head2 News

=over 4

=item *

Organizers create / edit / delete news items

=item *

Multilingual

=item *

Can be published / unpublished at any time.

=item *

Full control over the publication date. Can schedule items to be published in the future.

=item *

News list has its own web page, but news items can be displayed on any page with a simple macro.

=item *

Atom feed.

=back

=head2 Wiki

=over 4

=item *

Integrated wiki.

=item *

Only logged in users can post, so no spam.

=item *

Full version history for each page - organizers can revert a page to any previous version.

=item *

Easy way to link to users, talks.

=item *

Wiki pages can be tagged (associate a list of keywords, or tags, to a page).

=back

=head2 Payment

=over 4

=item *

Online (credit card) payment, targets several back ends (YEF, TPF, PayPal).

=item *

Invoices.

=item *

Treasurer's page

=item *

Treasurer can enter payments (checks, bank transfer, free passes).

=item *

Treasurer can create invoices.

=item *

CSV export of payments.

=item *

Automatic payment reports in CSV and/or text format by email.

=back

=head2 Role management

=over 4

=item *

Initially configure one or more administrators. Administrators
can then easily grant rights (organizer, treasurer) to other users.

=back

=head2 Hosting

=over 4

=item *

Hosted on the French Perl Mongers' servers.

=item *

Fully redundant, backed up.

=item *

Runs under your own domain name.

=item *

Development / staging server.

=item *

Subversion repository for your conference site.

=back

=cut
